{"director":"Ridley Scott","genre":"Science Fiction, Thriller, Film noir, Cyberpunk, Dystopia, Future noir, Cult film, Existentialism, Neo-noir, Crime Thriller","rating":"R (USA)","runtime":"120","producer":"David Peoples, Hampton Fancher","description":"Blade Runner is a 1982 American dystopian science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, and Edward James Olmos. The screenplay, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is loosely based on the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. The film depicts a dystopian Los Angeles in November 2019 in which genetically engineered organic robots called replicants, which are visually indistinguishable from adult humans, are manufactured by the powerful Tyrell Corporation as well as by other \"mega-corporations\" around the world. Their use on Earth is banned and replicants are exclusively used for dangerous, menial, or leisure work on off-world colonies. Replicants who defy the ban and return to Earth are hunted down and \"retired\" by special police operatives known as \"Blade Runners\". The plot focuses on a desperate group of recently escaped replicants hiding in Los Angeles and the burnt-out expert Blade Runner, Rick Deckard, who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down. Blade Runner initially polarized critics: some were displeased with the pacing, while others enjoyed its thematic complexity. The film performed poorly in North American theaters but has since become a cult film. It has been hailed for its production design, depicting a \"retrofitted\" future, and remains a leading example of the neo-noir genre. It brought the work of Philip K. Dick to the attention of Hollywood and several later films were based on his work. Ridley Scott regards Blade Runner as \"probably\" his most complete and personal film. In 1993, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National model.Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".","writer":"Charles de Lauzirika, Michael Deeley","type":"film","title":"Blade Runner"}
{"director":"Ridley Scott","genre":"Science Fiction, Thriller, Film noir, Cyberpunk, Dystopia, Future noir, Cult film, Existentialism, Neo-noir, Crime Thriller","rating":"R (USA)","runtime":"120","producer":"David Peoples, Hampton Fancher","description":"Blade Runner is a 1982 American dystopian science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, and Edward James Olmos. The screenplay, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is loosely based on the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. The film depicts a dystopian Los Angeles in November 2019 in which genetically engineered organic robots called replicants, which are visually indistinguishable from adult humans, are manufactured by the powerful Tyrell Corporation as well as by other \"mega-corporations\" around the world. Their use on Earth is banned and replicants are exclusively used for dangerous, menial, or leisure work on off-world colonies. Replicants who defy the ban and return to Earth are hunted down and \"retired\" by special police operatives known as \"Blade Runners\". The plot focuses on a desperate group of recently escaped replicants hiding in Los Angeles and the burnt-out expert Blade Runner, Rick Deckard, who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down. Blade Runner initially polarized critics: some were displeased with the pacing, while others enjoyed its thematic complexity. The film performed poorly in North American theaters but has since become a cult film. It has been hailed for its production design, depicting a \"retrofitted\" future, and remains a leading example of the neo-noir genre. It brought the work of Philip K. Dick to the attention of Hollywood and several later films were based on his work. Ridley Scott regards Blade Runner as \"probably\" his most complete and personal film. In 1993, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National model.Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".","writer":"Charles de Lauzirika, Michael Deeley","type":"film","title":"Blade Runner one"}
{"director":"Ridley Scott","genre":"Science Fiction, Thriller, Film noir, Cyberpunk, Dystopia, Future noir, Cult film, Existentialism, Neo-noir, Crime Thriller","rating":"R (USA)","runtime":"120","producer":"David Peoples, Hampton Fancher","description":"Blade Runner is a 1982 American dystopian science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, and Edward James Olmos. The screenplay, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is loosely based on the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. The film depicts a dystopian Los Angeles in November 2019 in which genetically engineered organic robots called replicants, which are visually indistinguishable from adult humans, are manufactured by the powerful Tyrell Corporation as well as by other \"mega-corporations\" around the world. Their use on Earth is banned and replicants are exclusively used for dangerous, menial, or leisure work on off-world colonies. Replicants who defy the ban and return to Earth are hunted down and \"retired\" by special police operatives known as \"Blade Runners\". The plot focuses on a desperate group of recently escaped replicants hiding in Los Angeles and the burnt-out expert Blade Runner, Rick Deckard, who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down. Blade Runner initially polarized critics: some were displeased with the pacing, while others enjoyed its thematic complexity. The film performed poorly in North American theaters but has since become a cult film. It has been hailed for its production design, depicting a \"retrofitted\" future, and remains a leading example of the neo-noir genre. It brought the work of Philip K. Dick to the attention of Hollywood and several later films were based on his work. Ridley Scott regards Blade Runner as \"probably\" his most complete and personal film. In 1993, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National model.Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".","writer":"Charles de Lauzirika, Michael Deeley","type":"film","title":"Blade Runner two"}
{"director":"Ridley Scott","genre":"Science Fiction, Thriller, Film noir, Cyberpunk, Dystopia, Future noir, Cult film, Existentialism, Neo-noir, Crime Thriller","rating":"R (USA)","runtime":"120","producer":"David Peoples, Hampton Fancher","description":"Blade Runner is a 1982 American dystopian science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, and Edward James Olmos. The screenplay, written by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples, is loosely based on the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. The film depicts a dystopian Los Angeles in November 2019 in which genetically engineered organic robots called replicants, which are visually indistinguishable from adult humans, are manufactured by the powerful Tyrell Corporation as well as by other \"mega-corporations\" around the world. Their use on Earth is banned and replicants are exclusively used for dangerous, menial, or leisure work on off-world colonies. Replicants who defy the ban and return to Earth are hunted down and \"retired\" by special police operatives known as \"Blade Runners\". The plot focuses on a desperate group of recently escaped replicants hiding in Los Angeles and the burnt-out expert Blade Runner, Rick Deckard, who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down. Blade Runner initially polarized critics: some were displeased with the pacing, while others enjoyed its thematic complexity. The film performed poorly in North American theaters but has since become a cult film. It has been hailed for its production design, depicting a \"retrofitted\" future, and remains a leading example of the neo-noir genre. It brought the work of Philip K. Dick to the attention of Hollywood and several later films were based on his work. Ridley Scott regards Blade Runner as \"probably\" his most complete and personal film. In 1993, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National model.Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being \"culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant\".","writer":"Charles de Lauzirika, Michael Deeley","type":"film","title":"Blade Runner three"}