{"watched":"Yes","creator":"Michael Dante DiMartino, Bryan Konietzko","numEpisodes":"61","genre":"Animation, Fantasy, Adventure Film, Animated series, Action, Children's television series, Steampunk, Comedy, Romance TV, Family","runtime":"","description":"Avatar: The Last Airbender is an American animated television series that aired for three seasons on Nickelodeon from 2005 to 2008. The series was created and produced by Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko, who served as executive producers along with Aaron Ehasz. Avatar: The Last Airbender is set in an Asian influenced world wherein some are able to manipulate the classical elements by use of psychokinetic variants of Chinese martial arts known as \"bending\". The show combined the styles of anime and American cartoons, and relied on the imagery of various East Asian, Inuit, Southeast Asian, South Asian and New World societies. Due to this style, the series regularly enters the conversation regarding its consideration as an anime work.\nThe series follows the adventures of protagonist twelve-year-old Aang and his friends, who must bring peace and unity to the world by ending the Fire Lord's war against the other three nations. The pilot episode first aired on February 21, 2005 and the series concluded with a widely praised two-hour episode on July 19, 2008. The show is obtainable from various sources, including DVD, the iTunes Store, the Zune Marketplace, the Xbox Live Marketplace, the PlayStation Store, Netflix Instant Play, Amazon Instant Video, and the Nicktoons Network.","numSeasons":"3","type":"tv","title":"Avatar: The Last Airbender","network":"Nickelodeon"}
{"watched":"Yes","creator":"Sydney Newman, Donald Wilson, C. E. Webber","numEpisodes":"798","genre":"Science Fiction, Adventure Film, Action, Drama","runtime":"","description":"Doctor Who is a British science-fiction television programme produced by the BBC. The programme depicts the adventures of the Doctor, a Time Lord\u2014a time-travelling humanoid alien. He explores the universe in his TARDIS, a sentient time-travelling space ship. Its exterior appears as a blue British police box, which was a common sight in Britain in 1963 when the series first aired. Along with a succession of companions, the Doctor faces a variety of foes while working to save civilisations, help ordinary people, and right wrongs.\nThe show has received recognition as one of Britain's finest television programmes, winning the 2006 British Academy Television Award for Best Drama Series and five consecutive awards at the National Television Awards during Russell T Davies' tenure as executive producer. In 2011, Matt Smith became the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA Television Award for Best Actor. In 2013, the Peabody Awards honoured Doctor Who with an Institutional Peabody \"for evolving with technology and the times like nothing else in the known television universe.\" The programme is listed in Guinness World Records as the longest-running science fiction television show in the world, the \"most successful\" science fiction series of all time\u2014based on its over-all broadcast ratings, DVD and book sales, and iTunes traffic\u2014 and for the largest ever simulcast of a TV drama with its 50th anniversary special. During its original run, it was recognised for its imaginative stories, creative low-budget special effects, and pioneering use of electronic music.","numSeasons":"26","type":"tv","title":"Doctor Who","network":"BBC One"}
{"watched":"No","creator":"Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, Maurissa Tancharoen","numEpisodes":"13","genre":"Action, Science Fiction, Adventure Film, Fantasy, Drama","runtime":"","description":"The missions of the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division., Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., or simply Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., is an American television series created for ABC by Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, and Maurissa Tancharoen, based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D., a fictional peacekeeping and spy agency in a world populated with superheroes and numerous supernatural phenomena. The series is produced by ABC Studios, Marvel Television, and Mutant Enemy and is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, sharing continuity with the films in that franchise. It revolves around the character of Phil Coulson, with Clark Gregg reprising his role from the film series.\nAgents of S.H.I.E.L.D. was renewed for a second season on May 8, 2014.","numSeasons":"1","type":"tv","title":"Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.","network":"American Broadcasting Company"}
